README.md, before:

# NoteFlow

## Sample User Interfaces:
<img width="1071" alt="Screenshot 2023-07-14 at 1 54 18 PM" src="https://github.com/efloresz/NoteFlow/assets/110843762/c96de92a-c05f-48e6-94d3-0b126910b736">

<img width="1158" alt="Screenshot 2023-07-14 at 12 47 16 PM" src="https://github.com/efloresz/NoteFlow/assets/110843762/8f4e8774-02b5-4458-a700-c0f52d652f28">

<img width="1157" alt="Screenshot 2023-07-12 at 8 41 33 PM" src="https://github.com/efloresz/NoteFlow/assets/110843762/cc6eb945-8260-46c6-86aa-6e8008323a56">

<img width="1163" alt="Screenshot 2023-07-12 at 8 41 45 PM" src="https://github.com/efloresz/NoteFlow/assets/110843762/bd464869-f675-4ce4-8d27-d2ff123b475d">
# Local API Storage of chathpt responses 
# https://kinopio.club/ storing the pdf
# make the boxes notebook with the text as handwritting
## Technical Stack

### Front-end:
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- React or Angular (JavaScript frameworks for building the user interface)

### Back-end:
- Node.js
- Express.js (Node.js web application framework)
- MongoDB (NoSQL database for storing user data and notes)

### PDF Processing and Chat Interaction:
- PDF.js (JavaScript library for rendering and interacting with PDFs in the browser)
- ChatGPT API (for integrating the chat functionality powered by ChatGPT)

### Collaboration and Real-time Communication:
- Socket.io (JavaScript library for real-time communication between users)
- Firebase (Realtime Database) or PostgreSQL (SQL database) for managing collaborative workspace and user interactions

### Authentication and Authorization:
- JWT (JSON Web Tokens) for user authentication and authorization
- bcrypt (password hashing library) to securely store and verify user passwords
- Cloud storage services like Amazon S3 or Google Cloud Storage for storing the actual PDF files


### Deployment and Infrastructure:
- AWS (Amazon Web Services) or other cloud service providers for hosting and scalability
- Docker for containerization
- NGINX as a reverse proxy or load balancer
- Git for version control

Commit message:

Refined UI + suggestions from project leader

README.md, after:

# NoteFlow

## Sample User Interface:
<img width="1163" alt="Screenshot 2023-07-12 at 8 41 45 PM" src="https://github.com/efloresz/NoteFlow/assets/110843762/59e35fda-4bb7-48b2-a97a-b2adf9a96604">

## Refined suggestions: 
- Local API Storage of chathpt responses 
- https://kinopio.club/ (storing the pdf and users data)
- make the boxes notebook with the text as handwritting
  
## Technical Stack
### Front-end:
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- React or Angular (JavaScript frameworks for building the user interface)

### Back-end:
- Node.js
- Express.js (Node.js web application framework)
- MongoDB (NoSQL database for storing user data and notes)

### PDF Processing and Chat Interaction:
- PDF.js (JavaScript library for rendering and interacting with PDFs in the browser)
- ChatGPT API (for integrating the chat functionality powered by ChatGPT)

### Collaboration and Real-time Communication:
- Socket.io (JavaScript library for real-time communication between users)
- Firebase (Realtime Database) or PostgreSQL (SQL database) for managing collaborative workspace and user interactions

### Authentication and Authorization:
- JWT (JSON Web Tokens) for user authentication and authorization
- bcrypt (password hashing library) to securely store and verify user passwords
- Cloud storage services like Amazon S3 or Google Cloud Storage for storing the actual PDF files


### Deployment and Infrastructure:
- AWS (Amazon Web Services) or other cloud service providers for hosting and scalability
- Docker for containerization
- NGINX as a reverse proxy or load balancer
- Git for version control
